README.md, before:

twitter-api-php
======================
Simple PHP Wrapper for Twitter API v1.1 calls

[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/j7mbo/twitter-api-php/downloads.png)](https://packagist.org/packages/j7mbo/twitter-api-php)


**[Changelog](https://github.com/J7mbo/twitter-api-php/wiki/Changelog)** ||
**[Examples](https://github.com/J7mbo/twitter-api-php/wiki/Twitter-API-PHP-Wiki)** ||
**[Wiki](https://github.com/J7mbo/twitter-api-php/wiki)** ||
**[Buy me a beer!](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=KHQYGY4MM3E7J)**

[Instructions in StackOverflow post here](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/12916539/simplest-php-example-retrieving-user-timeline-with-twitter-api-version-1-1/15314662#15314662) with examples. This post shows you how to get your tokens and more. 
If you found it useful, please upvote / leave a comment! :)

The aim of this class is simple. You need to:

- Include the class in your PHP code
- [Create a twitter app on the twitter developer site](https://dev.twitter.com/apps/)
- Enable read/write access for your twitter app
- Grab your access tokens from the twitter developer site
- [Choose a twitter API URL to make the request to](https://dev.twitter.com/docs/api/1.1/)
- Choose either GET / POST (depending on the request) 
- Choose the fields you want to send with the request (example: `array('screen_name' => 'usernameToBlock')`)

You really can't get much simpler than that. Here is an example of how to use the class for a POST request to block a user, and at the bottom is an example of a GET request.

Installation
------------

**Normally:** If you *don't* use composer, don't worry - just include TwitterAPIExchange.php in your application. 

**Via Composer:** If you *do* use composer, here's what you add to your composer.json file to have TwitterAPIExchange.php automatically imported into your vendor's folder:

    {
        "require": {
            "j7mbo/twitter-api-php": "dev-master"
        }
    }

Of course, you'll then need to run `php composer.phar update`.

How To Use
------
#### Include the class file ####

    require_once('TwitterAPIExchange.php');

#### Set access tokens ####

    $settings = array(
        'oauth_access_token' => "YOUR_OAUTH_ACCESS_TOKEN",
        'oauth_access_token_secret' => "YOUR_OAUTH_ACCESS_TOKEN_SECRET",
        'consumer_key' => "YOUR_CONSUMER_KEY",
        'consumer_secret' => "YOUR_CONSUMER_SECRET"
    );

#### Choose URL and Request Method ####

    $url = 'https://api.twitter.com/1.1/blocks/create.json';
    $requestMethod = 'POST';

#### Choose POST fields ####

    $postfields = array(
        'screen_name' => 'usernameToBlock', 
        'skip_status' => '1'
    );

#### Perform the request! ####

    $twitter = new TwitterAPIExchange($settings);
    echo $twitter->buildOauth($url, $requestMethod)
                 ->setPostfields($postfields)
                 ->performRequest();

GET Request Example
----------------

Set the GET field BEFORE calling buildOauth(); and everything else is the same:

    $url = 'https://api.twitter.com/1.1/followers/ids.json';
    $getfield = '?screen_name=J7mbo';
    $requestMethod = 'GET';

    $twitter = new TwitterAPIExchange($settings);
    echo $twitter->setGetfield($getfield)
                 ->buildOauth($url, $requestMethod)
                 ->performRequest();

That is it! Really simple, works great with the 1.1 API. Thanks to @lackovic10 and @rivers on SO!

Commit message:

Added x_reverse_auth method
extended lib to add support for twitter reverse auth

README.md, after:

Extending the lib below to add twitter reverse auth capability to this lib.

To generate the special request token, instantiate the TwitterApiExcahange object and then call 'buildReverseOauth' method.
E.g:

        $postfields = array(
            'x_auth_mode' => 'reverse_auth'
        );

        $twitter = new TwitterAPIExchange($tw_settings);
        
        $result = $twitter->setPostfields($postfields)
                    ->buildReverseOauth($url, $requestMethod)
                    ->performRequest();

This should return you the oauth_access_token. Rest everything is same as below.

twitter-api-php
======================
Simple PHP Wrapper for Twitter API v1.1 calls

[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/j7mbo/twitter-api-php/downloads.png)](https://packagist.org/packages/j7mbo/twitter-api-php)


**[Changelog](https://github.com/J7mbo/twitter-api-php/wiki/Changelog)** ||
**[Examples](https://github.com/J7mbo/twitter-api-php/wiki/Twitter-API-PHP-Wiki)** ||
**[Wiki](https://github.com/J7mbo/twitter-api-php/wiki)** ||
**[Buy me a beer!](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=KHQYGY4MM3E7J)**

[Instructions in StackOverflow post here](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/12916539/simplest-php-example-retrieving-user-timeline-with-twitter-api-version-1-1/15314662#15314662) with examples. This post shows you how to get your tokens and more. 
If you found it useful, please upvote / leave a comment! :)

The aim of this class is simple. You need to:

- Include the class in your PHP code
- [Create a twitter app on the twitter developer site](https://dev.twitter.com/apps/)
- Enable read/write access for your twitter app
- Grab your access tokens from the twitter developer site
- [Choose a twitter API URL to make the request to](https://dev.twitter.com/docs/api/1.1/)
- Choose either GET / POST (depending on the request) 
- Choose the fields you want to send with the request (example: `array('screen_name' => 'usernameToBlock')`)

You really can't get much simpler than that. Here is an example of how to use the class for a POST request to block a user, and at the bottom is an example of a GET request.

Installation
------------

**Normally:** If you *don't* use composer, don't worry - just include TwitterAPIExchange.php in your application. 

**Via Composer:** If you *do* use composer, here's what you add to your composer.json file to have TwitterAPIExchange.php automatically imported into your vendor's folder:

    {
        "require": {
            "j7mbo/twitter-api-php": "dev-master"
        }
    }

Of course, you'll then need to run `php composer.phar update`.

How To Use
------
#### Include the class file ####

    require_once('TwitterAPIExchange.php');

#### Set access tokens ####

    $settings = array(
        'oauth_access_token' => "YOUR_OAUTH_ACCESS_TOKEN",
        'oauth_access_token_secret' => "YOUR_OAUTH_ACCESS_TOKEN_SECRET",
        'consumer_key' => "YOUR_CONSUMER_KEY",
        'consumer_secret' => "YOUR_CONSUMER_SECRET"
    );

#### Choose URL and Request Method ####

    $url = 'https://api.twitter.com/1.1/blocks/create.json';
    $requestMethod = 'POST';

#### Choose POST fields ####

    $postfields = array(
        'screen_name' => 'usernameToBlock', 
        'skip_status' => '1'
    );

#### Perform the request! ####

    $twitter = new TwitterAPIExchange($settings);
    echo $twitter->buildOauth($url, $requestMethod)
                 ->setPostfields($postfields)
                 ->performRequest();

GET Request Example
----------------

Set the GET field BEFORE calling buildOauth(); and everything else is the same:

    $url = 'https://api.twitter.com/1.1/followers/ids.json';
    $getfield = '?screen_name=J7mbo';
    $requestMethod = 'GET';

    $twitter = new TwitterAPIExchange($settings);
    echo $twitter->setGetfield($getfield)
                 ->buildOauth($url, $requestMethod)
                 ->performRequest();

That is it! Really simple, works great with the 1.1 API. Thanks to @lackovic10 and @rivers on SO!
